Example Waveform Using the libwaveform Library
=====================

This repository contains an example on how to implement a waveform using the FlexRadio 
libwaveform library.  The only code is contained in `main.c`.  This code is extensively
commented with explanations of the calls and why we are using them.

The [docs](docs/html/index.html) directory contains the libwaveform documentation as 
generated by doxygen.  This is the most up to date source of the libwaveform library
functions and capabilities.  We highly suggest that you read the documentation 
[README.md](docs/README.md) for an overview of the radio waveforms and their capbilities
as well as a primer on how libwaveform works.

This project requires the toolchain that we distribute as a docker container image in
dockerhub, [flexradio/wfsdk-dev](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/flexradio/wfsdk-dev/general)
You will need to use this container to build both off-radio and on-radio toolchains
as the compiled versions of libwaveform are installed within.

This project also has the appropriate files to be used with Microsoft's 
[Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com).  There are configurations such that
you can use the [Devloping inside a Container](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/devcontainers/containers)
workflow to do off-radio development as well as cross-compile to produce binaries for
on-radio deployment.  The .vscode directory contains all the appropriate CMake setups
for getting successful compiles as well as a launch configuration for off-radio debugging

The easiest way to use libwaveform is via CMake.  The `CMakeLists.txt` in this project shows
you how to use the FindPackage functionality to set up the proper include and library paths
for a successful compile.  We highly recommend that you statically compile your waveform
for now, as the waveform library nor any of the support libraries are available on the radio.
This may change in the future.
